if I'm looking at getting feedback from a supervisor as trouble actually
providing feedback because either unwilling or they're just not good
at it. Um, I'll just have a blatant conversation with him. You know,
I'll find a time where I can sit down with them and say, Listen,
I value your feedback. I value your input. Um, I'm looking for that
as an individual from you and seems that we have a challenge here.
What can we do to improve this relationship between you and I? So that
way you're able to provide the feedback that I'm looking for because
I'm wanting that so that I can continue to do good work for you
and for the organization as a whole. So you just kind of have to sit
down and have that candid conversation with that person and let him
know that you're not getting what it is you're looking for. And is
there isn't an issue because of something maybe you're doing internally,
Or is it something that that individuals having that we need to
figure out together